Fix for Issue 778. (#779)
jendrikseipp/rednotebook: CHANGELOG.md

> # 2.36 (2024-10-24)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 2.36 (unreleased)
```

> * Fix: Categories with characters incompatible with the current locale opens (#778, Oussama Jarrousse).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix sorting words that are incompatible with the current locale (#778, #779, Oussama Jarrousse).
```
